Licensing: update Manual Configuration (#5902)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/Licensing/10 How to Obtain and Validate Your License Key.md

### Manual Configuration

> After you obtain the key from the DevExpress Download Manager, define that key as a constant in a separate file and use that constant in your application configuration. Below, you will find instructions on how to set up a license key depending on whether you connect sources via `<script>` or use modules and bundlers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you obtain the key from the DevExpress Download Manager, define that key as a constant in a separate file and use that constant in your application configuration. Below, you will find instructions on how to set up a license key depending on whether your project is "modular" or "non modular". The difference comes down to how new files are added to the project - by using `import` (`require`) statements or by directly referencing the file from a page by using `<script>` tag.
```

---
##### jQuery

> #### Scripts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### NonModular
```

I suggest using 'Modular' and 'Non Modular' terms

In the end, modules are also bundled and added to a page with `<script>` tag.

> Create a new file in the folder where you store your project sources. For example, your file path may look like this: `src/devextreme-key.js`. Specify your DevExtreme license key in [GlobalConfig](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/GlobalConfig '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/GlobalConfig'):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new file in the folder where you store your project sources. For example, your file path may look like this: `src/devextreme-license.js`. Specify your DevExtreme license key in [GlobalConfig](/api-reference/50%20Common/Object%20Structures/GlobalConfig '/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/GlobalConfig'):
```

Reviewer: If I'm not mistaken, all occurrences of `devextreme-key.js` should be repalced with `devextreme-license.js`

>     <!-- tab: devextreme-key.js -->DevExpress.config({ licenseKey: 'DEVELOPER_LICENSE_KEY' });

Reviewer 2: file name where user sets the `licenseKey` property should be named `devextreme-license.js`

To allow each developer to use their own license key, do not store this file in your repository. Instruct Git to ignore the file that holds the key. To do this, add the file path to your project's `.gitignore` file:

>     <!-- tab: .gitignore -->src/devextreme-key.js

Reviewer 2: `devextreme-license.js` as well then

This action also ensures that your team does not commit the key by accident.

If your project includes sources via `<script>` tags (does not use bundlers), add a reference to the file that registers the license key: 

    <!-- tab: devextreme-license.js --><script src="./dx.all.js" type="text/javascript"> </script> 

>     <script src="./devextreme-key.js" type="text/javascript"></script>

Reviewer 2: `devextreme-license.js` as well then

> #### Modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Modular
```

### Manual Configuration

> After you obtain the key from the DevExpress Download Manager, define that key as a constant in a separate file and use that constant in your application configuration. Below, you will find instructions on setting up a license key based on whether your project is *modular* or *non-modular*. The distinction lies in how new files are added to the project: either through `import` (`require`) statements or by directly referencing the file from a page using `<script>` tags.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After you obtain the key from the DevExpress Download Manager, define that key as a constant in a separate file and use that constant in your application configuration. Below there are instructions on how to set up a license key based on whether your project is *modular* or *non-modular*. The difference is how new files are added to the project: either through `import` (`require`) statements or by directly referencing the file from a page using `<script>` tags.
```
